more Israeli air
strikes more bodies pulled from under
Rubble this is the scene in the jabalia
refugee
camp we were all sleeping peacefully
suddenly the entire house fell on us we
were
sleeping this man lost his entire family
in an air strike
he asks to kiss his daughter goodbye one
last
time as the Israeli Army enters the
center of Gaza
City heavy bombardment takes place in
the
north bit lahia was also targeted
killing many people and leaving behind
families in
pain she is my cousin with her married
daughter who is four months pregnant
they were sleeping peacefully they hit
their neighbor's home she was martyred
with her
daughter in Gaza there are now no
coffins and no funerals only Mass
burials two main hospitals in Northern
Gaza also targeted Palestinians say
nowhere is safe Lena abak Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer